# Welcome to the tweak development guide tutorial 
You've arrived here to learn how to make tweaks and I'm here to deliver on that front. However, many other tutorials on reddit, on github, or whatever blog from 2011 are probably not useful - they expect you to know what an object, method, class and pointer is: then they show 10 lines of code (without explaining it and expect a large, juicy paypal donation.
I'm different you see: I'll give you the rope (the tools to teach yourself how to code) and it's your job to use it however you want: you could be landing a shuttle on Jupiter, or sat in your basement eating doughnuts at 1 AM!
I give examples (plenty of them), so you're not just looking at fancy font, but you're actively learning. On our discord, I post daily challenges, so you're always at the top of your game; you're forced to actively recall what you have learnt.    
Most importantly, I'm a human: I promise that if you have a question, I'll do my best to answer it. I won't ridicule you if you're unsure about something. Unlike people with busy schedules (who could take weeks to respond), I'll ensure that I respond to your query as quick as possible.
Furthermore, the discord server is somewhere where you can join other members of the community: these people are also following along with the course, meaning that they can help you, (or possibly), you could help someone else: perhaps you'll make a friend or two. The discord server is heavily moderated - we ensure that it is a safe environment for all of our members.
To be able to develop anything, it takes time, dedication, consistency  and effort: without these, one will not succeed. Surely, there will be challenges - by completing them, you'll have mastery of what you do.
This tutorial will aim to teach you how to use the CLI (command line interface), teach you c, teach you objective c and finally create tweaks. 
Although this seems quite cumbersome the skills and the programming language  that you will learn will be vital to you as a developer.  
Tap on this [link](https://discord.gg/nX7c4VZnBu) to join the discord server - we look forward to seeing you there. 
 